Adding system requirements notes (#3031)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/assemblies/platform/assembly-install-aap-operator.adoc

= Installing the {OperatorPlatformName} on {OCP}

[role="_abstract"]

[NOTE]
====

> For information about the {OperatorPlatformNameShort} system requirements and infrastructure topology see link:{BaseURL}/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/{PlatformVers}/html/tested_deployment_models/index#ocp-topologies[Operator topologies] in _{TitleTopologies}_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about the {OperatorPlatformNameShort} system requirements and infrastructure topology see 
link:{URLTopologies}/ocp-topologies[Operator topologies] in _{TitleTopologies}_.
```
